K8SPSMDB-625 describe MCS support in docs (#937)
percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator: source/operator.rst

     - Pause/resume: setting it to ``true`` gracefully stops the cluster, and
       setting it to ``false`` after shut down starts the cluster back.

   * - unmanaged
     - boolean
     - ``false``

>      - Unmanaged site in :ref:`cross-site replication<operator-replication>`:
>        setting it to ``true`` forces the Operator to to run the cluster
>        :ref:`as a Replica site<operator-replication-replica>`, in unmanaged
>        state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Unmanaged site in :ref:`cross-site replication<operator-replication>`:
       setting it to ``true`` forces the Operator to run the cluster
       in unmanaged state - nodes do not form replica sets, operator does
       not control TLS certificates
```

     - The (non-standard) cluster domain to be used as a suffix of the Service
       name

   * - clusterServiceDNSMode
     - string
     - ``Internal``

>      - Can be either ``Internal`` (use ``pod.statefulset.namespace.clusterServiceDNSSuffix`` internal DNS name for non-exposed MongoDB instances, and use internal IP for instances exposed with ClusterIP), or ``ServiceMesh`` (use ``service.namespace.clusterServiceDNSSuffix`` Service :abbr:`FQDN (fully qualified domain name)` when generating host names for exposed MongoDB instances).

Reviewer 2: We need to mention this option only takes effect if replset is exposed.

Also what it does seems unclear to me. To summarize from my end:

When you expose the replset the operator configures nodes to use ClusterIP addresses. If you want to use FQDN of the exposed services you need to change `clusterServiceDNSMode` to `ServiceMesh`.

     - The (non-standard) cluster domain to be used as a suffix of the Service
       name

   * - clusterServiceDNSMode
     - string
     - ``Internal``
     - Can be either ``Internal`` (use ``pod.statefulset.namespace.clusterServiceDNSSuffix`` internal DNS name for non-exposed MongoDB instances, and use internal IP for instances exposed with ClusterIP), or ``ServiceMesh`` (use ``service.namespace.clusterServiceDNSSuffix`` Service :abbr:`FQDN (fully qualified domain name)` when generating host names for exposed MongoDB instances).

   * - runUid

>      - int

Reviewer 3: if ServiceMesh and MCS are enabled at the same time, it's expected to use cluster.local (servicemesh) not clusterset (mcs)
@egegunes

Reviewer 2: 👍
